---
title: 'Resume'
date:   2018-11-04
---

> Brazilian, single, 25 years old

> E-mail: robson.arruda@outlook.com

## Formation

Technologist in Systems Analysis and Development, Universidade Nove de Julho, attending.

## Professional Experience

> Uber

2016-2017 - Driver's Particular
Main activities: It was a private challenge, there is no smartphone.

> Alest

2017-2018 - Intern Technical Support
Main activities: G-suite support via e-mail, telephone, remote access and presence.

> Catho Online

2018-2019 - Software Development Intern
Ruby, CSS, Twig, JavaScript with some frameworks such as Zend, Phalcon, Sinatra, Rails, in some scenarios used Docker to deploy Jenkins, the slack communication, the tracking of weather metrics and stories used on the Jira.

## Qualifications and Complementary Activities

* Intermediary English.
* Word - Basic. Fundação Bradesco 2017
* Excel - Basic. Fundação Bradesco 2016
* Java object oriented. Alura 2018
* Programming logic. Caelum 2018
* Hub .Git. Alura 2018
* Java basic. Alura 2018
* Scrum Certified Fundamentals - 618574

## Additional Information

I have disposition to the city of city or state.
Studying English through EAD (Channel 9), course instituted by the institution in which it is enrolled.
Basic knowledge of programming in languages ​​C, PHP, Ruby, Java, Python, JavaScript, Android (visual studio).
I also have knowledge in object-oriented programming and front-end, CSS and LESS, performing exploratory tests, computer maintenance, assembly, disassembly, parts exchange, formatting and software installation.
